Update doc to include [ccpp-table-properties]: (#28)
NCAR/ccpp-doc: CCPPtechnical/source/ConfigBuildOptions.rst

`UFS Weather Model User Guide <https://ufs-weather-model.readthedocs.io/en/ufs-v1.0.0/BuildingAndRunning.html#building-the-weather-model>`_ and the
`SCM User Guide <https://dtcenter.org/GMTB/v4.0/scm-ccpp-guide-v4.0.pdf>`_.

> By default, the code is compiled with CCPP enabled and restricted to CCPP-compliant physics. That is, any parameterization to be called as part of a suite must be available in CCPP. Physics scheme selection and order is determined at runtime by an external suite definition file (SDF; see :numref:`Chapter %s <ConstructingSuite>` for further details on the SDF). The existing physics-calling code ``GFS_physics_driver.F90`` and ``GFS_radiation_driver.F90`` are bypassed altogether in this mode and any additional code needed to connect parameterizations within a suite previously contained therein is executed from the so-called CCPP-compliant “interstitial schemes”.  Compiling with CCPP links *CCPP-Framework* and *CCPP-physics* to the executable and is restricted to CCPP-compliant physics defined by one or more SDFs used at compile time.

Reviewer: I don't think we should talk about ``GFS_physics_driver.F90`` and ``GFS_radiation_driver.F90``as many people will not know what this is. This is historical information.
```suggestion
By default, the code is compiled with CCPP enabled, that is, *CCPP-Framework* and *CCPP-physics* are linked to the executable. Any parameterization to be called as part of a suite must be CCPP-compliant and available in *CCPP-Physics*.  Physics scheme selection and order is determined at runtime by an external suite definition file (SDF; see :numref:`Chapter %s <ConstructingSuite>` for further details on the SDF). 
```
